#error
111.csv 2222.csv
-m universe.csv correlation.csv
-r universe.text correlation.csv
universe.csv
correlation.csv universe.csv
correlation.csv universe.csv correlation.csv
-r universe.csv correlation.csv correlation.csv

universe_err.csv correlation.csv
universe_err1.csv correlation.csv
universe_err2.csv correlation.csv
universe_err4.csv correlation.csv
universe_err5.csv correlation.csv
universe_err6.csv correlation.csv
universe_err7.csv correlation.csv

universe.csv correlation_err.csv
universe.csv correlation_err1.csv
universe.csv correlation_err2.csv
universe.csv correlation_err3.csv
universe.csv correlation_err4.csv
universe.csv correlation_err6.csv
universe.csv correlation_err7.csv
universe.csv correlation_err8.csv
universe.csv correlation_err9.csv
universe.csv correlation_err10.csv

#success
universe.csv correlation.csv
-r universe.csv correlation.csv
universe_err3.csv correlation_err5.csv
-r universe_err3.csv correlation_err5.csv
